Change your Facebook status to “Feeling horny . . .”
Change your Facebook status to “I’m coming . . . I’m coming . . .” Then, one minute later, change it to “I just came.”
Demonstrate to the room how to put a condom on using a banana.
Do a sexy dance for your partner, but you can only use one leg.
Feed someone almonds using just your mouth.
Go to Cosmopolitan’s website’s love section and find a position you’ve never heard of. Then, try to act it out using whatever furniture and pillows you have at your disposal.

8. Have someone blindfold you. Then, everyone in the group kisses you on the cheek, and you have to either say which one is your partner, and then kiss them on the lips. OR, you have to choose one person that you want to kiss on the lips.
9. If there’s a pool, you have to go skinny dipping, and you have to choose one buddy to go with you.
10. Lay down on the ground and have someone pretend like they’re using chalk to draw an outline of your body.
11. Let someone go through your YouTube history and read it out to the group.
12. Lightly trace your hands over someone else’s lips and whisper “I’m coming, I’m coming,” five times.
13. Put a bra on your head and pretend you’re a DJ rocking it really hard for one minute.
14. Put on a swimming suit and have someone rub sunscreen on your back. Wear the suit for the rest of the evening.
15. Remove one piece of clothing every time you give the wrong answer to a series of questions.
16. Remove your bra without taking off your shirt.
17. Someone gives you a back massage for one minutes while you’re blindfolded. If you like their style, you can choose to kiss them afterwards, but without knowing their identity.
18. Someone has to lick peanut butter, chocolate sauce, or whipped cream off your finger, cheek, or somewhere of their choice.
19. Take a picture of your ‘O’ face. You have to use that as your lock screen for 48 hours.
20. Take off your partner’s shirt with only your teeth.
21. Talk to your hand like you’re making a game plan to sleep with someone else who is in the room.
22. Turn out the lights and try to turn the other person on only using sounds.
23. With your eyes closed and the other person or people standing across from you in the room, walk with your hands out. You have to kiss the first person you touch, where you touch them.
24. You get to dress your partner up, using your clothes. Then take a picture.
25. You have to hold a mouthful of water in your mouth until the round is over.
26. You have to keep your hand on the very inner thigh of the person next to you for the next round.
27. You have to leave an R-rated voicemail for an ex.
28. You have to say “I’m just a silly boy” and slap yourself gently on the face 20 times.
29. You have to undress down to your accessories and skivvies. If you want to keep any clothes on, you have to take a shot for every piece of clothing you want to keep.
30. You leave the room. Everyone pours a shot. You come back into the room and take one of the shots that was poured. Whoever poured the drink, you have to sit on their lap for the rest of the round.
If so, read one of the sexts in a fake British accent.