Are second rounds exciting or exhausting?
Do you fake orgasm while looking sideways or looking the person straight in the face?
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit? What it is?
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
Have you ever cheated/wanted to cheat?
Have you ever done it in a car?
Have you ever sexted anyone? 
How many people have you slept with?
How often do you watch something naughty?
If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
If you were into the same sex, which celebrity would you go for?
It’s totally illegal to seduce my teachers but if it were,…..
What is the most sexually adventurous thing you’d want someone to do to you?
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
What is the song that you get it on to the most?
What panties are you wearing?
What was the most embarrassing time you got turned on?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or make-up sex?
What’s the most number of times you’ve done it in one day?
For boys, What’s your favorite body part on a girl?
For girls, What’s your favorite body part on a boy?
What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
When did you lose your virginity?
When was a time you were so turned on you couldn’t stand it?
When was the first time you came?
When was your first kiss?
When was your sexual awakening?
Where are you on the straight/queer spectrum?
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
Who was your best partner and why?
Who would you love to see naked?
Who would you hate to see naked?
What are your favorite and least favorite of your body parts?
If you could date two people at once, would you do it? If so, who?
Have you ever sent a sext?
Have you ever sent a sext to the wrong person? Who?
What’s the hottest dream you’ve ever had?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
What’s the hardest drug you’ve ever tried?
Do you have any hidden talents about sex? What are they?
When’s the last time you watched an adult movie? That movie made you think about anyone? Who?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what more naughty things would you like to do?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that turns you on?